Update other_tools_and_programs.rst (#80895)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/community/other_tools_and_programs.rst

- `Awesome Ansible <https://github.com/ansible-community/awesome-ansible>`_ - a collaboratively curated list of awesome Ansible resources.
- `nanvault <https://github.com/marcobellaccini/nanvault>`_ - a standalone tool to encrypt and decrypt files in the Ansible Vault format, featuring UNIX-style composability.
- `OpsTools-ansible <https://github.com/centos-opstools/opstools-ansible>`_ - uses Ansible to configure an environment that provides the support of `OpsTools <https://wiki.centos.org/SpecialInterestGroup/OpsTools>`_, namely centralized logging and analysis, availability monitoring, and performance monitoring.

> - `ansibledb <https://github.com/nbentoumi/ansibledb>`_ - Flask API server uses MongoDB as Database to store Ansible reports and ansible facts, this tool can be used to query hosts and facters managed Ansible as well search ansible logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ansibledb <https://github.com/nbentoumi/ansibledb>`_ - Flask API server that uses MongoDB to store Ansible reports and facts. Along with different query capabilities, this tool provides a web UI for viewing Ansible reports, facts, and logs.
```
